Add option for endpoint url (#41)
cuda-networks/django-eb-sqs: README.md

- EB_SQS_USE_PICKLE (`False`): Enable to use `pickle` to serialize task parameters. Uses `json` as default.
- EB_SQS_AWS_MAX_RETRIES (`30`): Default retry limit on a boto3 call to AWS SQS.
- EB_SQS_REFRESH_PREFIX_QUEUES_S (`10`): Minimal number of seconds to wait between refreshing queue list, in case prefix is used

> - EB_SQS_ENDPOINT_URL (`None`): Endpoint url use to contact AWS SQS service. Usefull during develoment in order to use a mock queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EB_SQS_ENDPOINT_URL (`None`): Endpoint url used to contact AWS SQS service. Useful during development, in order to use a mock queue.
```
